Steak knives indeed.
He lied to me.
I'm pretty convinced that I got used early on.
uh in promoting the false narratives around this and it didn't make it pissed me off pretty good uh and um things like when i raised with michael that it looked like this i was doing sequence analysis like starting january 10th of 2020 yeah um and and i raised with michael this looked like it was an engineered pathogen and his comment was
You know straight straight out.
These guys are really good at lying.
You got to understand if you're dealing with anybody in the intelligence community that are operative They are trained liars and in trained psychological manipulators.
That's what they do the field agents Do you think you can pick one out now?
I mean, someone said to me, Del, you've got to be surrounded by agents at this point.
People around you, people you're talking to.
It's highly probable that your cell phone and your data infrastructure are compromised with things like Pegasus 2, which you can't track.
I've had people that we both know that when Jill and I turned in our old cell phones and got new ones, suddenly they came out of the woodwork and really wanted to interact with me and wanted me to answer their emails.
Well that's, when you get a ping and then you respond, that's how Pegasus 2 gets loaded in.
and they've gradually gone away.
These people are absolutely out there.
And anybody that's in our space, you kind of have to assume that you are interacting with them at one point or another, usually surreptitiously.
So these are the chaos agents, and they're the ones that they so, so want to work with you.
and collaborate with you, and you're like... Tell you how brilliant you are.
Yeah, precisely.
Yeah, absolutely.
You know, it's not just the honey trap with the short skirt.
There's all kinds of ways to gain the confidence of somebody, and flattery is one of them.
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and a whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible VMN
Each one of you is going to get a chance to comment on his thesis.
I wanted to bring everybody together because I've read Jonathan's thoughts about this.
He's one of the most thoughtful critics of the pandemic management from the beginning.
He was one of the co-founders of RASTIC, which was the organization of independent scientists all over the world.
particularly at the beginning of the pandemic, did really wonderful work in understanding the science, in unearthing scientific studies that made a lot of this stuff comprehensible.
And he's also been instrumental in
covering some of the involvement of the intelligence agencies and others in the management of the pandemic and also the long history of what we call data
Actually, J.J.
Cooley's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Good morning, everybody.
Good morning.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I'm sorry, it is Monday.
For some people, this is a pretty rough day.
It's that morning you got to get up and do it all over again, and for five days in a row, and I sympathize with you completely.
I am fortunate enough to be able to be late for work and nobody complains directly.
I apologize for being here so late.
Ladies and gentlemen, please remember the main message is to get off of social media.
Stop using the algorithm to cure your boredom and instead seek out information or get out and read a book.
Go for a walk, go fly a kite.
Buy an RC car even, I don't care, but don't use social media to cure your boredom.
Ladies and gentlemen, autism spectrum disorder is a mythology that's used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, that virology is never questioned as a science, that public health is never questioned as a reason.
You can say the same thing about pandemics and gain of function.
These are all myths.
They are myths that hide a truth.
And it's very difficult for people caught in this to see it.
And that's why I think repeating things, you know, like...
you don't understand the trap you're in if you don't understand why the cheese is free on social media I'm sorry but this is the message and it doesn't need to be changed a whole lot I'm gonna try and make it look different and sound different but there's one of those errors again Wow how am I managing to do that
Look, the protein folding story, you know, the DNA is an antenna story.
I mean, there's a lot of things out there that are out there as noise.
And if you want to follow somebody who's trying to prove himself wrong, besides myself, I would suggest going to HousatonicITS.com and doing that.
It is really remarkable how much I've learned as a result of being a scientist.
It's very similar to being an analyst.
I just don't think that
As Mark characterizes an analyst, I don't think that there are very many people, yes also this sub-stack about Scotland, there aren't very many people who understand what it means to try and prove yourself wrong in the context of science, what it means to design an experiment that you know...
that you know will never really fail.
I mean, because you design an experiment because you know that when it fails, it still tells you something.
You're still learning something, because you want to know an answer.
And if you want to know an answer, then actually, no is as good as yes.
Right?
If you just want to know.
And that's the real trick here, is that most of these people aren't playing that game, honestly.
They are pretending as if they want to know, but they've also
offered an unreasonable amount of certainty, often on an unreasonably early time.
I mean, this is a message for Americans because I do think America has one of the last open doors in order to get out of this very big global trap that is social media.
I don't think you can underestimate how this
This militarized weapon of social control is being used to subvert nations around the world, or at least threaten to subvert nations around the world.
And so we need to stay focused more than ever.
Because social media is not something you can just use willy-nilly and get away with it.
You will be bamboozled.
You've got to be there, and you've got to stay focused on the biology.
You've got to not take the bait that's there.
You know, like, 9 out of 10 things you see on social media are going to be something that's either false or tilted in a way so as to be dishonest.
And finally, you've got to make a habit of interacting with your real, live neighbors.
And this is going to be very important should the internet go out.
And I'm not making any jokes about that.
The internet could go out for a wide variety of reasons, even if it's only for a couple of weeks.
It could just be that the power goes out.
And having your neighbors, your friends, and not strangers at that time will be crucial.
Also crucial for your peace of mind going forward as the prices continue to rise and all this other crap that you see if you indulge in the social media swamp.
Ladies and gentlemen, the voice that you hear is that of Jonathan J. Cooey.
I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the back of my garage.
You can find the stain of my academic work on the National Library of Medicine website PubMed.
I used to be a faculty member of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine until I was told to go home and turn in my badge and keys until it would be safe again for me to come back.
And then they terminated my, well they didn't terminate my contract, they just kind of paid it out and then didn't hire me back, didn't help me get another job, didn't let me finish any of my work, etc, etc.
I've also presented three times to the group named Panda, but they didn't put those on Rumble because instead what they did was they diluted and obfuscated whatever limited information they were told was okay for the script.
And then they pretended like they learned it from themselves.
And one of the best examples of that is the Woodhouse 76 blog written by the trader Jessica Hockett in Chicago, Illinois.
She may have a last name named Faber, I don't know.
I saw some mouse on the internet say that her last name might be Faber.
Ladies and gentlemen, I've also participated in the writing of the Wuhan cover-up book.
That was a nearly year-long employment under the auspices of working as a scientific consultant for CHD.
And then I transitioned into a staff scientist position under the direction of Brian Hooker and Mary Holland, who the same people then fired me at the beginning of 2024 for talking about Robert Malone and Meryl Nass on my stream.
I've also been asked not to talk about Robert Malone by one Jay Anta Bhattacharya, who's now the head of NIH.
He told me that he was likely to be the head of NIH before
anyone else knew about it, and told me that, you know, it would be great if I would stop talking about Robert Malone.
He didn't just say it once, he said it three times in one weekend, and that was, I think, the third weekend that I had met him during the course of the pandemic, serendipitously at the gatherings of the Broken Science Initiative.
This timeline is malevolent.
All I can do to keep my sanity is constantly remind myself and recheck my notes about exactly what's happened so that I don't feel crazy.
And sometimes I need to go all the way back to my time on JC on a Bike, which is my original YouTube channel where I was still sucking up to the faculty of the University of Pittsburgh trying to get a job as a
a permanent lecturer.
JC in the Woods is my response to being struck a couple times during the beginning of the pandemic, and now I'm occasionally using that to livestream, but they both have strikes on the channels now, so I guess today I'm on JC on a bike.
I think so.
And how it works is that I've got some supporters that help me out a lot.
And I've got some supporters that help me out a little bit.
And together that adds up to enough for me and my family of five to... I wouldn't use the word prosper, but I would use the word pay all the bills.
Although right now, we're pretty behind on both credit cards that matter.
And that's because when we can't make it, we use credit cards to do it.
And so I'm very shamelessly gonna tell you that this, we are running on fumes.
And so if you wanna help this out, go to gigalombiological.com and find a way to support because all these people on Substack, they don't need your subscription of $5 a week.
I need your subscription of $5 a week.
If you go down and scroll down, you can use PayPal to do $1 a week.
And really, if we just had,
I mean, we just had enough to keep this going.
This would be an eternal show.
Because I do enjoy producing it.
I do enjoy the reading that I get to do.
I do enjoy all the learning that I'm doing over the course of the six years.
I just don't enjoy the struggle of shaking a can on the internet.
It would be great if I didn't have to do five shows a week to barely even get where we need to go, but I don't really know how to do that any other way because the internet is flooded with stuff.
And it's it's flooded with stuff that doesn't ever stop coming right?
It's it's never gonna stop coming.
None of these sub stacks are ever gonna stop Good morning, my name is Jonathan Cooey.
Hello.
Welcome to the show You might notice that I have a t-shirt on that is not my own, but it's a t-shirt from my basketball gym shoe 360 who in no way shape or form sponsors this but
They do give me my own free membership and I occasionally make movies for the owner.
But I'm still paying for my boys, so it's a relationship that a lot of people would call probably not a very good one.
But the reason why I do it is because I'm going to teach my biology there on the court and on the shooting machines.
And because I want that place to remain my thing.
I don't want to start working there.
I don't want to be some guy that produces media for that place because then it won't feel like the temple of whatever that it is.
I mean, it is wonderful to walk in there and hear the noise and the echo.
and then be able to do what I can do there.
It's a wonderful place.
I don't think anybody should go there or join it or anything like that.
I think it's just fine the way it is in much the same way that I think the upper part of the main part of Michigan is a place where you don't need to go visit.
Just like Door County in Wisconsin is a place where you never need to go visit.
These places are Beth best left alone and certainly shoot 360 in Pittsburgh is one of those places where if you like basketball You can probably find a better place closer to you.
So don't bother looking for it Anyway, the the goal of the show today is pretty deep.
I'm sorry Man, shoot.
I didn't set that up.
My goodness sakes.
This is some serious amateur hour.
I really thought I did the checklist I'm not a pilot
I don't have a checklist.
I should have a checklist, but I don't have a checklist.
And then I want you to be size A, I believe.
Is that right?
Oh, I didn't do that either.
See, no checklist today.
Sorry about that.
I'll just do my hand here and it'll be fine.
Let's see.
Yes, right there.
So I do think, oh yeah, so I was explaining shoot 360.
The shirt says, I think it's meant to say shot 10K.
So yesterday I made my 10,000th jump shot.
It took me 19,700.
I think it was, it's really very close to 50% shooting over the course of 20,000 shots.
19,707.
It took me to get 10,013 jumpers.
So that's pretty cool.
But surprisingly, after shooting 20,000 jump shots, and I'm not kidding, and making 10,000, I don't feel any better.
And in fact, I feel a little better at it.
It's remarkable how, actually, I had much more progress to make with my ball handling.
And over the last 141 days, I have made some pretty remarkable progress in my humble opinion in my ball handling.
It doesn't completely translate to full court behavior yet because that's a little trickier.
You're moving a little faster.
And so I'm now working drills in like that.
But my stationary, you know, moving left, moving right, couple first couple steps stuff has gotten really, really good.
And more importantly, my eyes have come up.
I'm a kid who grew up in northern Wisconsin, was trained as a center back when a center still meant this guy who could only do a power, a power dribble, you know, as he did a drop step and then
You know, you can do some pivots and stuff like that, but very old school post player I was and when I went to college And started playing at night, you know after classes is when I started to turn my to face the basket at least as kind of like what I thought was a swing forward and when I When I walked on for that little bit of time during my sophomore year I
That was the time of David Booth.
And so David Booth was this swing forward kind of dude, you know, that would run the baseline and be on the baseline shot for a jumper or maybe a, you know, a fake and a dribble one to the side, something like that.
I mean, I'm not comparing myself to any of these people.
I'm just saying that at the time that I played basketball, there were these more defined positions, whereas now it's pretty much, you know, everybody just basically moves around
It's remarkable.
There's a point guard and that's about it.
Anyway, 10,000 shots.
Congratulations to me.
That means that I'm almost ready to start teaching, which is pretty good.
My back's about 99% from the last couple weeks.
And so, I don't know why I'm wasting this much time telling you other than I'm very excited to be mostly healthy again and very excited to be at this point where I am planning on pivoting from these kinds of shows.
I'm not that I'm never going to do it again.
But if you see how easy it is to just go and grab some stuff and show you how malevolent these people are and how easy it is to see that this fake anti-vax, fake health freedom movement that's present on Substack and X and nowhere else
you know, in the backwoods of the internet, but nowhere in mainstream media, nowhere in the other half of the internet, which is unfortunately very invisible to most of us because we just choose not to look.
And we are in a very dangerous place in America because of these shitheads.
And this is for the grandchildren of earth.
And if America doesn't pull their head out, nobody will.
That's the reality of it.
If America pulls their head out, maybe it's possible that some other people will pull their head out, but otherwise it ain't happening.
Did I somehow get this off?
Yeah, I did.
And so I got rid of the word endemicity in the back there because I want you to make sure that you understand that we are trying to seek truth together about what they told us happened here, which is, you know, a lab leak in 2019 is now gone endemic.
That's why that endemicity thing is removed.
We're not buying into that story.
So what we wanna know is what really happened here.
And of course, it's not that there was a novel virus that got out of a lab.
And remember that we are not in a position to be forced or coerced into explaining the details of what happened, rather,
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence and they have none.
And so this claim of something happening for the last six years that has resulted in a permanent change in the way that we live, in the way that we think about our world is false.
And that's why there's this fake anti-vax health freedom movement that's getting rid of seed oils and petroleum-based dyes and also saving the animals from animal testing.
We must seek the truth of this, the truth about this biology, the truth behind this mythology.
And so it's not without
great humility that I suggest that the virus is the illusion, because it's very, very easy to say that, like Andy Kaufman says it, or Tom Cowan says it, or any of these people say it.
It's very enticing to say, well, then they were always right, but they weren't.
because what those people have masterfully covered because of the unique script that they are all on, none of them have talked about the fact that recombinant DNA
or RNA can be produced in high quantities only one way that we know of cheaply, and that is using bacterial cultures.
And that is indeed how it is done when the goal is to produce a protein biologic.
One of the most popular of the biologics that pharmaceutical companies make, that class of drug, a protein-based biologic, is produced using recombinant DNA produced in huge vats of bacteria.
And none of these people, absolutely none of these people that have been present since the beginning of the narrative on the pseudo-conservative, it's a fake conservative side of America, the skeptical side of America, all these people have been put in place to make sure that they never, ever say that.
And they could have said that in 2020, when this all started, because that was the standard in the industry.
That's the reason why the people that are in front of us right now have connections to industry, government labs, transfection, genetics, because they are all in on this narrative.
And they all understand the imperative
to make sure that nobody understands that the basis for the manufacture of all biologics was the same basis for the manufacture of all these mRNA shots.
And so even if they were all live, there was no way they were going to be uniform.
There was no way they were going to be pure.
There was no way they were going to be the kind of thing that was claimed in the cartoons.
And instead,
These people were set out here with a malevolent script where they argued about the spike protein of the virus and whether it was a lab leak or whether it was natural and whether they were covering it up or not.
And that was a master stroke because it got them to be able to talk about a bunch of biology that was essentially intended to cover up the crime of transfection that would come in like 14 months later.
And the longer they could make that go, the better.
The longer the debate about lab leak and the tracking and the lockdown and, you know, old people dying, the longer that could go, the better.
I don't know if they intended it to go just as long as it did until the end of 2022, or if they would have liked one more year, but it's clear from the data that it abruptly stopped in the end of 2022.
And so it's remarkable at this stage that none of these people that have been anti-vaxxers for decades or have had an injured child until, you know, for 20 years have never been able to hone their message.
They were stuck and have been stuck for a very long time on some component of the autism, sorry, some component of the vaccine schedule causes autism.
They've never been able to get to the stage where they could start to talk about how, wait, maybe intramuscular injection in general is just not medicine.
Maybe any combination of substances injected intramuscularly doesn't really make sense.
Have we ever really thought about it and then done the research necessary to figure out whether we have actually done the thinking about it?
The only person that I can find on earth that has been inspired to do that since I started saying this is Mark Kulak.
And what Mark Kulak is finding is that there's not this, you know, system-wide transition to the acceptance of injection.
It looks like maybe the doctors that were also treating animals and injecting animals just decided, well, maybe we can inject people.
And if intramuscular injection came on the market, became common practice in the late 1800s, maybe we need to rethink it.
If transfection was what it was called on Robert Malone's resume in the 90s, maybe somebody's lying to us.
If viruses are not alive because they don't have any of the characteristics of something living,
then maybe we shouldn't talk about them the way we talk about them, but they're just not, it's not, we're not there.
And we haven't gotten there because these people are all on a script.
This lady, for example, is on a script.
This is a dead woman.
And this, you can see in her face, she's just not, doesn't want to be called a hero and not by Brandy Vaughn.
She knows the whole reason why she's on earth is to stand in front of Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark.
She knows it.
I gotta warn you, this is gonna be a very long show today because I'm not sure I'm gonna get on tomorrow.
I'm gonna try to get on tomorrow, but I might not get on tomorrow because we're busy.
And so this show is just gonna be a real wallop.
And I've shown you how this is scripted bullshit because this woman could say it in less than a minute and a half.
I don't think there are any good vaccines.
I don't think you can do that.
And she got on Joe Rogan for three hours and couldn't say it.
She's a traitor.
She's a scripted traitor.
And so when I say that these people were put in place to curate a narrative to make sure that the damage from transfection could be blamed on the novel virus, I think that's the best anyone's ever said it.
And the remarkable thing is, is that there are so many people in this picture who have tried to take what limited biology they're allowed to from my show, from my language, and incorporate it into their shtick.
Pretend that they came up with it on their own and it's it's kind of flattering and it's also kind of annoying because at the same time They usually purposefully obfuscate any way of finding me by referring to me as JJ Or never putting a website there or never never in any way providing a link and so what these people have done over the last six years was just mess with me and my family and
Now, I don't know how many other people have been messed with by as many people as I have, but I have the receipts to show that so many of these people have been actively involved, probably actively scripted in their interaction with me and my wife.
This is a very, very serious thing that I'm accusing these people of, some of whom are actually in government right now.
So I take this very seriously.
I'm not messing around and that's why I repeat it.
Now I would especially today like to talk about these because it's a great example of how Substack has been
weaponized against us.
Now, remember, Substack has all kinds of AI features and AI features allow it to do all kinds of things, especially for people with admin privileges.
So I just presume that anybody that's writing a Substack for this group here is actively manipulated, even maybe just they're allowed to post whatever they want to whenever they want to, when they want to use their Substack.
But Paul Alexander is another example of a guy who, I don't know if he's in this picture, actually.
Paul Alexander is another guy who has posted about me a lot on his sub stack, but his sub stack is so obnoxious and so ridiculous that that actually hurt me a lot of times, I think, because I get associated with him.
And so that's the same thing that this, you know, small little gnome of a man here also did from his desks in Tokyo or the UK or wherever the hell he lives.
Maybe he lives in India, I don't know.
And that's what this little gnome did, Charles Rixey.
These two guys came to my house.
Paul Alexander came to my house.
CHD employed me.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
employed me.
I mean, this is no joke here.
I just want the truth out.
I want people to understand that they could have told you everything that I'm telling you in 2020.
That it was always transfection, that there are a million reasons not to do it, that PCR was never going to be specific, especially because they don't make any attempt to differentiate it from a background.
And you don't think that these people could have told you that in 2020, or that these people are not scripted by them?
It's just absurd at this point.
The same joke that Jessica Hockett played with Pierre Corey when we were still in communication with her, where she got a substack response from Corey a couple times with a few hundred videos, made video responses to all of her questions.
But as soon as we wanted them to talk about supplementary oxygen and how that might be dangerous, suddenly, I don't know, Jessica Hockett decided to burn all bridges and disappear and pretend like we never, you know, like we never talked.
And she's still working right now.
Here it is in April, 2025 with Jonathan Engler and Martin Neal, as I accused her of, but now also having the same kind of discussion, response, and callback on Substack with Sasha Latupova, the mother of Soph, this teenage girl who was making all kinds of ridiculous videos before the pandemic.
promoted by Alex Jones three times in 2019, even made a video during the pandemic about shooting Trump and Biden with her mom being the cameraman most likely.
This lady was promoted multiple times by CHD, by Meryl Nass.
Nass and Polly had her on a webcast once.
She was also on American Thought Leaders with the Epoch Times.
And now we're supposed to believe there's some spontaneous discussion about whether there was a poisoning event in New York City because, you know, we're all so smart that we're just considering the best theories with the best theorizers.
But don't forget that Sasha Latapova was on stage with Robert Malone in the beginning of 2023 in Stockholm, Sweden with Meryl Nass.
and Aseem Malhotra, Mike Palmer of the Doctors for COVID Ethics group.
I mean, this is absurd.
There's no possible way that these people are all random assemblies of international patriots fighting for our freedom.
This is a carefully scripted group of shitheads that's getting their script from Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan.
Even Nick Hudson, who's closely connected to those two over there because he's the other coordinator of Panda.
Don't forget that Jonathan Engler is the co-chair of Heart, where Claire Craig works.
Claire Craig was the head of the 100,000 Genomes Project before the pandemic.
Not that dissimilar to what we're talking about here.
where they use the pandemic to manage the population pyramid and invert our sovereignty into experimental animal status because that's what they all wanted before the pandemic.
This is a retired pharma exec that if she knew anything she would know how biologics are made and therefore know that an RNA made that way would never be pure.
Just like this guy would definitely know that, and that guy would definitely know that, and that fat guy up there is probably too stupid to know that, but he's not too stupid to know that supplementary oxygen done willy-nilly, I don't know, at like 60 liters a minute of pure, would kill somebody.
That's why Pierre Cory was a witness for the George Floyd trial and testified that the police killed him.
These are all one show!
And so as they perform on substack and post on each other, it gets much worse than that.
Because somebody like Sasha Latupova can also have like an anonymous substack, you know, where, oh, that came in wrong.
Sorry, I got to change that.
I don't want that first.
I want that last.
Because Sasha Latapova can also use like a anonymous substack, like being nobody, going nowhere.
This might be a good guy, who knows, but he writes a substack with fuck off, fuck off, fuck off in the title, so he's not really trying to get a wide audience.
But this substack, of course, has a lot of commentary about how the no-virus people are a fake.
It's ridiculous to stop there.
It's very similar to what I've been saying for the last four and a half years, but let's ignore that for a second.
Let's just assume that this is a spontaneous substack and that this is just how we're gonna get free because people on substack like this dude, being nobody, going nowhere is gonna save us.
Well, what do we see in the substack if we roll down to the bottom?
We see two comments.
There's 458 more comments, but there are two comments, one and two.
The second one is Sasha Latipova, and we're supposed to believe that that's by accident, that the only one that shows up on the bottom here is this Mike Wallach, and then Sasha Latipova.
There's 458 other comments, but this is the one, maybe this was the second one there, who knows?
Now what I find very curious about this is just let's read this.
Yes, no virus trolls are a psyop.
They are a nasty cult like set of mostly anonymous trolls, but there are a few named individuals too.
They behave very much like the Scientology cult.
That's dumb.
to drop in there because that's just a nod to Matt Crawford's wild goose chase, or it might not be a wild goose chase, but that's a thread that doesn't matter because it doesn't talk at all about the brass tacks of how we think our way out.
Very aggressive, posts the same mockingbird comments everywhere.
Become irate the minute they are told to calm down.
I had to ban several of them.
Ooh, she had to ban them.
One is Christine Massey, a total nutcase.
If she shows up in your feed, my advice is ban right away.
I got them under control on my page being ruthless.
Social media is like a prison yard.
Now, so she's claiming that Christine Massey is her total nutcase, even though remember in my story, Christine Massey is the representative of the no virus group that was having regular comment connections and communication with me while I was a staff scientist at CHD.
And Mary Holland had asked me to write a suitable response where I tried to bring them both together in understanding
that the manufacture of biologics was the key to understanding this.
The illusion of RNA pandemicking was the key to understanding this.
Understanding that it's always been transfection was key to understanding this and they ignored it all.
CHD ignored it and more importantly they hid behind the idea that the no virus people had such a ridiculous response that you know, you got to send some some Links and articles where the articles that show that infectious clones are real and it was like wait What are you talking about?
You're not that dumb, but the whole time of course, that was Christine Massey.
So now we have Sasha Latipova the mother of Soph Alex Jones star
retired pharma executive, sold her company to Pfizer, got all of her money while she was at the University of Rochester from the Democratic Party, voted Clinton according to her own daughter on Alex Jones, this lady who once spent like three days in a row just tweeting all day long about how terrible I was.
This lady right here was on stage with Robert Malone is now saying that Christine Massey is one of these total nutcases.
It gets so much better once you just open up and see it.
Now, this is another comment that she makes.
which I just find extraordinary.
I know the difference between informed debates and logical arguments and a total internet troll operation.
I got attacked by PSYOPs on all sides, except the PROVACs mainstream who seem to pretend I don't exist.
So why would it matter whether she exists to the pro-vax mainstream?
On the other hand, me, who is in the Wuhan cover-up book as an expert and is now calling Bobby Kennedy essentially a puppeted, scripted fraud, and calling out the NIH director as a foreign agent, calling out the head of the FDA and the head of CBER as a possible foreign agent puppets, all run by Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan's associates,
and everybody on the pro-vax mainstream seems to ignore me.
I get attacked by the Nanobot Nutjobs, the Jicky Leaks Mouse Collective, the Kevins, is that Kevin McCairn and Kevin McKernan, the two people that I have association with since 2020?
You mean the ones that I've been calling out for the last five years, Robert Malone and half of the Maha and their trolls, you name it.
I'm an expert at attracting all the best the internet has to offer.
And the no virus anonymous swarming of any account that has a following, that's a PSYOP campaign without a doubt.
Those are not good people trying to convince, they are a nasty bullshit cult, thanks.
They are not in search, you see, this is how fraudulent it's become.
This is the last of their bench.
They're actually considering the possibility she's auditioning to play the role of opposition to the Kevins.
The mother of Soph.
I don't know why that happened.
What was that?
Hold on one second.
Oh yeah, that was that one.
That's fine.
So let me just show you what I mean here.
Just watch this.
This is that comment that I just showed you right here, right?
This was the one I clicked open.
And this is, I know the difference between informed debates.
Now, if you scroll and look at all the comments, remember, these are all the comments that are under her original comment on a sub stack that she didn't write.
Now, if I show you this and you're gonna, you can't tell me that they're not working there.
You can't tell me that they're not working at Substack and being paid through the laundering money machine of this fake subscriptions or whatever the hell they are on Substack because this is absolutely preposterous.
There is no way that somebody who has a life is doing this on a daily basis.
Look at all these responses that she wrote in one day
in one day of comments on a substack that supposedly she didn't even write.
And once you realize that, of course, her team wrote it, the same team that she plays for wrote it, and then she springboards off of it to get people to come back to her account, to get people to follow those stupid leads, and to be a subscriber to her.
They're all whores.
They're social media whores and they have the benefit of programming and administrative privileges on these platforms.
There's no way to explain this.
Best case scenario, this is her kid or somebody that they just hire because they're so rich or they just hire because they're part of a machine, the same machine that Alex Jones is a part of.
Maybe this is a production of Alex Jones's company, I don't know.
Why not, right?
I mean, he had her three times on his stream.
I mean, she's clearly an abusive parent in the sense of, if you look at the earliest videos of Soph, you know, when she's really underage, it's just gross.
And to think that, that, that CHD and Meryl Nass and Pauly Tommy promoted this woman as some kind of legit chick that have been on stage with her multiple times.
I mean, Mary Holland just said her name the other day.
I mean, it's, it's, it's gross.
But it's only gross if you can see it.
It's only gross if you have a long enough perspective in your understanding of how these people have played this to see that they are just one malevolent team.
So not even a day ago, she says that pandemics are fiction and gain of functions are also fiction.
So she's trying really hard, you know, really, really hard.
And Daniel Negassi is telling her, no, no, no.
And just to tell you, no, I, Daniel Negassi might be a good guy, but the only contact I've ever had with Daniel Negassi is that he contacted me on Twitter and asked if I wanted to start a sequencing and synthesis company.
I mean, I can't make this shit up.
So when I see this, and I see this, I just see a show.
I don't care if they're witting or unwitting anymore.
Sasha Latapova is one of the worst, if she's an American, she's one of the worst Americans alive.
She's a huge fraud and evidence of her, of her
malevolence is in her earliest videos of her daughter, which are just in my mind evidence of child abuse or something else.
I mean, it's gross.
And she also takes advantage of the fact that her daughter wasn't very old looking as a kid, you know, and that's also gross, right?
If you have a daughter that looks really young and then you also are interested in putting her on the internet and having her fake overdose and talk about sex, that's Sasha Latupova.
And so now we're going to have a little fake argument here between Daniel Legassi and Sasha Latapova, who will be really, you know, cordial with each other about, well, there might be plant viruses, but there are not other viruses.
This is all blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
These people are all frauds.
They're all frauds.
They're all working together.
They're all on the same script.
That's why Nick Hudson had to be off the coast of Turkey with Robert Malone and his wife on a cruise with probably Meryl Nass and a bunch of these other people, because that's how this is done.
And they slowly read people in on what they need to understand, explain it to them as best they can.
But there are a few people who get the script like we got it.
But once you get it, it's pretty obvious what's going on here.
Even Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
had Sasha Latupova on his Defender podcast for a whole hour, whereas with me, what did he do?
He originally booked me for an hour, but then within two days of the show, he decided he needed to have Robert Malone, Meryl Ness, Jessica Rose, and Tess Laurie as witness to my very short presentation.
I mean, that's the admission, that's it.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is scripted, he has handlers, he has people that he trusts, and those people are manipulating him.
They've used him to get people into positions of power.
I don't think they are manipulating the Trump administration.
They're part of the show that is the Trump administration.
Don't think that Donald Trump is some kind of mastermind.
He's an idiot, and he's being run by people who are much smarter than him.
He's just better on camera than Joe Biden.
America is in very big trouble because these people were put in place, many of them before the pandemic.
People like Vinay Prasad were put in place before the pandemic, around the same time that Brett Weinstein was put in place.
And so these key actors, which were put in play, look at this now, I have to zoom out because we don't even, I don't even have this data for the black space over here.
I don't have this data.
So it's worse than it has ever been in the sense of how long they've run the time out.
Look at this signal and tell me that you can see it.
They murdered people in America and lied about it.
It's manslaughter, I get it, but it's definitely murder.
Now the important thing to understand, and I didn't say it, I should have said it on this screen, is that it's during 2015, that's right here, that Mary Holland was first on Democracy Now opposite Paul Offit talking about how one component of the MMR
untested against placebo caused autism in her son, and she just wants safe vaccines.
And now we are a decade later in 2025, and they have not preceded their narrative at all.
In fact, it's so malevolent right now that on the other side of the coin, ladies and gentlemen, they believe
that the lie about autism has essentially been debunked because claiming victory for removing thalidomide and mercury from the vaccine schedule is ridiculous because they took it out of the MMR already years and years ago.
That's the actual happening right now.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was used to walk us right into that trap.
Paul Offit is dunking.
They're all dunking on him.
And it's happening all over the internet and all over mainstream media.
It's absurd.
And at the same time, we have people telling us it's good.
So first watch the bad, and then we'll watch the good.
This week in virology, the podcast about viruses, the kind that make you sick.
From Microbe TV, this is TWiV, This Week in Virology, Episode 1232, recorded on July 3rd, 2024.
I'm Vincent Racaniello, and you're listening to the podcast, All About Viruses.
Joining me today from New York, Daniel Griffin.
Hello, everyone.
Yeah, I really can't see anything on your tie, so you'll have to tell me or give me a clue.
I just see blue and yellow.
OK, so yellow is good.
So there are these golden grape.
I might just escape out of here and see if this works.
No.
OK, I got to do.
I'm going to put it up on a separate video because then I can speed it up for us.
But I do want you to hear it because I want you to really hear what they're saying.
This week in virology, the podcast about viruses, the kind that make you sick.
From Microbe TV, this is TWIV, This Week in Virology, episode 1232, recorded on July 3rd, 2024.
I'm Vincent Racaniello, and you're listening to the podcast all about viruses.
Joining me today from New York, Daniel Griffin.
Hello, everyone.
I really can't see anything on your tie, so you'll have to tell me, or give me a clue.
I just see blue and yellow.
Okay, so yellow's good.
So there are these golden grape-like clusters of bacteria.
Streptococci.
So say grapes in, what is it, Greek or Latin?
Staph, is it?
Staph, you got, yep, staph.
But the streps were the grape-like clusters.
The strep tends to be in strips, think of it that way, strepped in strips, like they'll be either diplococci or they'll be chains.
At least I was gram-positive, right?
Yeah, you got there.
What was the diplococcus?
That was an old name for what?
For strepped pneumoniae.
Diplococcus, and they change it to strep pneumonia.
Yeah, and also, you know, meningitis, so Neisseria meningitidis also is a gram-negative Diplococci, so yeah.
Okay, so we have Staphylococcus aureus on your tie today.
Yes, and you know, I was going in this morning to Columbia, and we're going to discuss this man who had methicillin-sensitive Staph aureus bacteremia, but he, the terminology they like to use at Columbia is he eloped.
He did not go and find a bride and skip the church, he just skipped the church, skipped the hospital, and headed out into the world, so.
Hopefully he will make better decisions.
Could you say he is sensitive or resistant?
So sensitive, yes.
We have the methicillin sensitive, the methicillin resistant staph aureus.
Sensitive is good, right?
It's good, but if you don't get any antibiotics, then it's not good.
Yeah, then it's not going to matter, right?
Yeah.
OK.
All right, let's jump in.
We got a lot to cover today.
Oops, they admitted something there.
We'll start off with a quotation from Winston Churchill in a little while.
It's kind of an admission, right?
If you don't get antibiotics, you're in big trouble.
But a lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to put its pants on.
And I can sort of picture Winston saying this.
But we've had some issues recently, and I'm going to start off with that.
I want to try to make sure when I'm covering things that people might consider political, I'm going to really focus on what is the science that people need to understand?
What's the science that's out there?
So I'm not really being political.
I think if you want to participate in a democracy, it's important to be informed, and I'm going
keep helping people.
But let's start with, you know, should this continue to be an issue?
I'm going to leave in a link to a CDC document, and this document addresses something that people have been chatting about recently in the document, which was taken down, but I've got a link here for you.
Thimerosal containing vaccines and neurodevelopmental outcomes, review of the evidence.
And this actually reviews the science on thimersol and vaccines.
And just a few quotations, but I'm going to leave in a link so people can go, they can peruse.
So what is the story?
So thimersol is an ethyl mercury-containing compound that was used for decades in the United States as a preservative in multi-dose vials of vaccines and other products to prevent growth of harmful microbes such as bacteria and fungi.
Under the FDA Modernization Act of 1997, the FDA conducted a comprehensive review of the use of thermosol in childhood vaccines.
This review found no evidence of harm from the use of thermosol as a vaccine preservative other than local hypersensitivity reactions.
In 1999, with input from the Public Health Service and other partners, FDA requested all vaccine manufacturers for plans to remove thermosol from vaccines.
This was taken as a precautionary step, not due to evidence of harm, to reduce an infant's overall exposure to mercury,
given that other environmental sources of mercury were challenging to eliminate.
Now, if people listen to the recent ACIP meeting, they're kind of rehashing this same discussion 26 years later.
So, 1999, they say, let's get a plan, let's get this out of there.
Since 2001, for 24 years, all childhood vaccines licensed and recommended have been thimersol-free.
Right?
With the exception of some multi-dose formulations of influenza vaccines.
Several vaccines used in the United States, for example, MMR, varicella, inactivated polio, pneumococcal conjugate, which we were just talking about, have never contained thimersal.
I just want to like, when people bring up this argument, they think it's the thimersal, the mercury, and an MMR that causes autism.
What thimersal?
What mercury and MMR?
Okay.
What autism?
Yeah, and you know.
And so, I hope you can see that that is in it very succinctly.
What autism?
They have, without a doubt, in the minds of most people, discredited anybody who said it's the mercury in the vaccines.
And of course, Bobby was doing the mercury in the fish, right?
Doesn't make him anti-fish.
I mean, that's actually where we are.
This is this week in America.
And like it or not, this is how we are being broken.
And there's a million podcasts that are breaking us just on this one line.
that anti-vax skepticism has been debunked.
And they are magnificent with it because the old videos circulating around of Mary Holland and Brian Hooker and all of these people are carefully chosen to set these people up for a t-ball level home run.
All you gotta do is swing.
This is incredible because Paul Offit, of course, is doing it too.
2025 season, 96% of all the flu shots in the U.S.
were thimerosal-free.
98% of federal vaccines procured through the Vaccines for Children, or 3017 program, thimerosal-free.
A recent analysis from CDC's vaccine data link, because they're all worried about, oh, the pregnant women are getting this, only 0.3% of doses had thimerosal.
So thimerosal was taken out of vaccines in the U.S.
in 2001.
MMR vaccines do not and never contain thimerosal in the U.S.
Recently, this whole discussion, they spent like a whole bunch of our taxpayer dollars, you know, chatting about revisiting this, and then they had this, you know, thimersol, you know, vaccines not recommended.
The WHO responded to the ACIP decisions, and they said, thimersol has been reviewed multiple times by multiple agencies, including WHO, and it's clear from the evidence that there is no evidence of harm from the use of thimersol.
Dr. Katherine O'Brien from the WHO told reporters on Friday.
It's just a show, Daniel.
They just want to show that they're in charge.
Yeah, I'm trying to figure out, like, you know, how is this a win when it wasn't a problem?
The same arguments were, you know, 25 years ago.
It's like, you know what, listen, it doesn't look like there's any issue here, but, you know, just to be on the safe side, let's, you know, get this out.
There are just a few situations, like really in nursing homes, other areas, mostly overseas where thermosol might be used because there's a price point issue.
You know, we're seeing, what, 0.3% of pregnant women?
you know, so really not an issue there.
He's really just telling you that this has been a national security priority for decades.
The acceptance of intramuscular injection, a standard medical procedure, has been a national security priority for decades.
Not that dissimilar to if you were working with livestock and you wanted to be sure that they weren't afraid of a chainsaw.
When they were very young, you would bring out a chainsaw and run it every once in a while so that by the time that they grew up into very big cows, when they heard a chainsaw, they wouldn't run away.
And that's what you're doing here right now.
If you want to invert people's idea and the fear of needles and the understanding of who they are and how ridiculous it would be to allow something to stab into your arm, you got to work over decades.
And you got to work over generations.
We're talking about overcoming something that is antithetical to our biology and the fear and understanding of it has to be so complete that we just don't get it anymore.
It's like if you needed people to be not afraid of snakes, it would take a lot of work and a lot of training.
And you'd have to start with the adults and make sure that you had a whole generation of adults that could handle snakes and loved snakes and accepted that, well, everybody's got to go through this period of time where you have snakes in your backyard.
And so you're going to have to pick one up.
You're going to have to hold one for a little while, and you're going to have to be okay with it so that when you have kids, you can do the same thing with your kids.
This is a very, very long con, ladies and gentlemen.
I hate this message, but it is the truth.
It is the truth as best I know it.
And the fake health freedom movement that is essentially embodied best in Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Mary Holland, Brian Hooker, and CHD.
These people are frauds.
And they are fraud, they are frauds, but they are a part of, a genuine part of this national security operation that I think actually he is less aware of than they.
That Daniel Griffin is a genuine doctor who believes genuinely that the books he's read and the facts that he remembers from those books are real.
Because he's read the,
two volumes of infectious diseases.
He's read the two volumes of virology.
He's read that big book on vaccines and used it as a reference for his whole career.
And he's not a biologist.
Children, it's not part of the vaccine schedule.
It's sort of a problem for the, you know, I think I like the analogy of when the dog catches the car.
Like, thimbersaw's gone.
There's no mercury here.
But you were telling us that it was causing all this autism.
Autism, according to you guys, is rising 25 years of thimbersaw out of the vaccines and never even in the vaccine that you claim is the big concern of yours.
So it's sort of a problem with the arguments here.
Well, you know, he helped Americans by taking data.
So there's two parts to that, right?
The first one is, is that Mary Holland and Andrew Wakefield and Polly Tommy all said what?
That it was the MMR that caused autism.
The MMR shot is what, when my son suddenly changed.
And so think about how remarkable it is that they are still stuck on that shot talking about that specific thing.
It is a script.
The MMR shot is connected to Texas this year.
It's connected to Samoa before the pandemic.
It's connected to Rolling Stone.
This is all one malevolent show, one malevolent script.
And because it's a script over so many years, it's really hard for us to see it.
But not only do you have to try and imagine it, you have to try and accept it.
Because before you do, you're not going to be able to take any meaningful action against it.
Here's Mercury out of your vaccine.
That's what he'll say.
And people will be, oh, that's so lovely.
It was already out.
Basically, they were just like a tiny, you know, yeah.
So a nice article in the Wall Street Journal, RFK Jr.'
's vaccine panel has a new approach.
Question everything.
ACP is supposed to be a committee that looks at the evidence.
Well, that evidence-based mandate was repeated several times during the meeting.
One of the members of the committee was not really on board with making evidence-based recommendations.
So this really is what had me sort of thrown.
We heard from Retzov Levi, who voted against the new monoclonal antibody for RSV, that as a father, his outlook takes him beyond the science and data.
MIT professor?
On one of the panels organized by Senator Ron Johnson and Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan, he's scripted.
He could also be just kind of naive, but he's definitely scripted because he's not skeptical of the foundational idea, therefore he doesn't understand.
If you're not skeptical of intramuscular injection,
as a methodology, then you are either scripted and you don't understand or you are scripted and you don't care.
It's one or the other because that is the point we have been making for more than two years straight now.
And it's a very significant point that quite frankly, all sides of this equation find necessary to ignore.
That's why in all of the copying of my story that Sasha Latapova was done, she never really summarized it at the end.
She didn't even say that gain of function is a fiction in that post, right?
She just said that all these people don't like me because I'm so smart.
She's so fraudulent.
It's just kind of a joke.
And if you look at all the some activity of her on those platforms, if you look at the some activity of Robert Malone and where they are and where they're posting and start keeping tracking of it, you can't, it's impossible.
None of these people are real.
They are weaponized images on a social media platform or platforms.
And those weaponized images have confused the truth-seeking conservative right of America and fractured us into a million little pieces.
And it's going to cost us our country if we don't pull our heads out, because the left is pretty unified on the fact that these people that we're cheering for are shitheads.
And they're right.
They're right.
What the hell is he talking about?
First of all, why is he on there?
That's all you have to look at, the science and data.
It makes no sense, Red Ceph.
Yeah, I mean, we're asking for evidence-based recommendations.
As a father trying to keep kids safe, including yours, the science, the evidence, this is what we look to.
We don't look to, I don't know, the impression that you get from social media and some...
So some, many, who work to provide vaccines already review the ACIP as a lost cause.
The University of Minnesota is now home to a group working to make alternative recommendations, the Vaccine Integrity Project.
And I'm going to read a quote here from Michael Osterholm, the epidemiologist who helps direct this project.
The meeting served as further evidence that vaccine information and recommendations, at least temporarily, need a new independent home outside the US government.
All right, now I've got a very disturbing but really good article.
And so it's almost like the FDA is going to be dismantled or destroyed or made irrelevant.
Right.
Like Mark and I predicted, because Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.'
's dad and Brett Weinstein's dad and Steve Bannon and and Aaron Siri and Goldman Sachs and and Peter Thiel and and Eric Weinstein and Elon Musk, it's all just kind of makes sense.
America's being sold to the highest bidder, being fought over by the highest bidders.
I don't know how to exactly characterize it, but we were the victims of an elaborate long con.
Maybe because it's hard to keep a project like the Human Genome Project going continuously without people wanting to retire and then other people wanting to take control of the vacuum that's left.
Maybe that's what we're witnessing right now.
I don't really know.
But I do know that none of the things that are being made to seem as though they are very interesting on social media are interesting at all.
All the wrong questions are being amplified.
All the actors are being amplified.
All of the nonsense is circulating.
There's nobody like me, Mark, and Joe.
If you can only read one article, read this one.
Top FDA official overrode scientists on COVID shots by Christina Jewett.
So this deals with another issue.
And so I'll just sort of give people some background, say, well, what is going on here?
So the way it's supposed to work, and maybe this helps people with understanding, is that the FDA has these committees, these groups.
And I'll be a number of experts on these.
I'll go through the data.
They prepare these really well-edited, well-thought-out, basically, reports that then go to the head of the FDA.
So recently we had Novavax coming up for full licensing.
So you've got multiple pages, really well written.
Here's all the data on what's going on with COVID.
It's really important to know how many people are dying, how many people are being hospitalized, how many people are ending up with issues after the fact.
And then a lot of data on the vaccines.
Does the vaccine work?
Does the vaccine reduce deaths?
Does it reduce hospitalizations?
All the rest.
So you end up with dozens of staff experts.
They put together this report.
And then the FDA gets to make a decision.
Are we going to make this product available to the public or not?
Now, there is one example where there was a particular product, it was felt to be a high-risk product, and the previous head of the FDA said, listen, there's no other options.
We realize that this particular therapy might have a high risk of issues, but we want to give people a choice because otherwise this is a deadly disease.
I forget which, it was a neurodegenerative disease.
And so that was sort of the only precedent we have in the past.
But the FDA is there to make a decision, license or not.
Not, oh, we're going to license it, but then I'm only going to decide who gets access.
I'm going to make everyone else use it off-license.
Vinay Prasad for Novavax and the new Moderna mRNA COVID vaccine is basically going to override, he's going to reject the recommendations of his staff.
So this article really outlines how Vinay Prasad, the appointed FDA administration's top vaccine official, rejected broad uses of two COVID vaccines, citing unknown risks or injuries despite assurances of safety from dozens of staff experts.
So what was my reaction?
So my reaction was that I
It is a dark time in the history of public health when political appointees overrule expert recommendations, pick and choose data to support their ideology, and use their position to advance personal agendas.
I actually read, so I read the reports by the experts, and then I read these really poorly put together memos by Vinay Prasad.
I say poorly put together, like at one point you're trying to figure out why does this sentence have these two footnotes that seem to be referencing Vinay Prasad's opinion piece twice.
The reason it's confusing is it's actually a cut and paste sentence from another memo.
So he's not even properly having his memos proofed on something as serious as restricting access to these vaccines and forcing those who may want to access those to have to do it.
What I'm suggesting to you is that these are not by accident, just like the accidental inclusion of seemingly AI generated citations in their other reports is not by accident.
This is done on purpose.
with the idea of making it seem like the whole FDA is just useless.
And it's not only them, right?
This is ongoing.
Today, the FDA had a live event that would shock you.
bragging about how the research scientists and the back checkers and the people that work at the FDA are going to be using an AI to do all kinds of shit now, including modeling of things so that they don't have to do toxicity with animals anymore.
It is remarkable where we are.
Because the inversion of our sovereignty to experimental animal status is happening fast.
Off-label.
So one of the things I commented on is that the memos did not really acknowledge the fact that myocarditis is occurring at a rate
I say six to 16, seven to 16, but really basically to say, if you get vaccinated, you are going to reduce your risk of myocarditis tenfold because people keep getting COVID.
There's a very high rate of myocarditis, or I should say tenfold higher rate of myocarditis if you get COVID without the protection of a vaccine than if you get the protection of the vaccine.
So if you really want to lower the risk of myocarditis, as I like to point out, in the population with ongoing COVID cases, vaccination is safer than not vaccinating.
Well, Dr. Prasad, the expert, of course, says there's no COVID anymore, so it doesn't matter.
We don't need to do this.
Is that true, Daniel?
So it's interesting.
He acknowledges that COVID is out there, and then there's going to be a piece I'm going to really talk about, I'm going to return back to myocarditis next time, because he does sort of go through it.
He says, you know, we were seeing myocarditis, and he actually gives the rates.
It's sort of this 22 to 65 per million.
I think, again, the most important thing to see here is that these scripted people are scripted to talk about the other scripted people.
And so you can see that it's a play.
That's why these guys are on social media.
They're not on social media spontaneously choosing to talk about them.
They are scripted to talk about them because those people are scripted to be talked about.
And the whole time, nobody's talking about the CDC director.
In a minute, these guys are gonna hope that the CDC director will ignore the recommendations of the ACIP.
And from her nomination interview, it would seem that that's the case.
first rolled out the mRNA vaccines, and particularly in this population 15 to 25.
Then he says, and so when this was first seen, the response was to space out the vaccine so that the doses, instead of giving three to four weeks, we're giving three months apart.
So he does acknowledge, and I think he's trying to get published, that we're really not seeing post-vaccination myocarditis anymore.
So that's interesting.
So he points out, he goes, so we're not really seeing it anymore.
So it's not really an issue, but I'm still worried about it.
Now, we're certainly still seeing post-COVID myocarditis.
So here's a safe, effective vaccine, which,
We're not really seeing the myocarditis anymore now that we've spaced out the vaccines, but yet he wants to not let us have access.
So I'm going to return to this weird myocarditis thing that they keep sort of returning to.
The access, you're talking about people under 65 and pregnant women no longer have access.
Is that correct?
So with Novavax, for instance.
So Novavax has been the vaccine that I've actually chosen to go with and my family's gone with for the last sort of several cycles.
And now we hear it's going to be licensed.
That's great.
I'm a health care worker, constantly exposed.
If I want to get a Novavax shot in the fall, that will actually have to be off-label.
Yeah, he basically said, we're going to license Novavax, but we're not going to license it for Dr. Griffin, who's under 65.
I did go out, remember I told you this, I went out and I bought cigarettes and I inhaled a couple of times, so now I can claim to be a former smoker and I have to get access.
No, but that's what, yeah, we were actually, a number of healthcare workers, we were talking about this today, the fact that, yeah, if we want to use Novavax because we want to have less reactogenicity or whatever, no.
And then the new Moderna vaccine, which there are some evidence suggesting that it might actually be a little more effective than the old Moderna COVID vaccine.
Again, if we want to do that to protect ourselves, it will be off-label.
I don't understand his motivation there.
At all.
Makes no sense.
It does make no sense.
And unfortunately, this is probably the trope that got him in this position.
He's got all these interesting ideas, epidemiology ideas about this healthy vaccine bias and why he can't trust any of the data.
But he's an oncologist.
He's not a vaccine expert.
And so it's really, as I said, it's a dark time when you've got this political appointee.
He's got his own ideology, his own agenda.
And then even when you present him with, really, here's all the evidence, here's the science, you try to explain it to him, he's like, I don't care.
I've already made up my mind.
I made up my mind.
four years ago when we first saw the myocarditis and it ain't changing you know.
Now what we where we need to get is to the point where our high school teachers and our high school students can look at this man or sit across from this man or be in the chat of this show and say that actually you're wrong.
It is, and let me rewind it just a little bit to make sure that I say it correctly.
His own, you know, ideology, his own agenda.
And then even when you present him with really, here's all the evidence, here's the science, you try to explain it to him, he's like, I don't care.
And so the idea would be to challenge them to give you the science that shows the things that they are certain about.
And what, one of the things that they need to show you is the science about why intramuscular injection is such a great methodology.
Explain it.
Why does it work better than subcutaneous injection of the same antigen combination?
Why does it work better than inhaling the vaporized version of the same antigen combination?
Why does it work better intramuscular injection versus a pill?
What's the difference between those?
Talk to me, goose.
Tell me what you know.
That's how you challenge your family and friends to realize
what they themselves don't know, but they are very certain about for some reason, because that's a sign of skilled social media use, that you don't actually know, but you're certain about it.
And if it's about like, you know, what the best basketball team is in the NBA, because you're just certain that the Celtics are the best team, because you're from Boston, that's very different than what I'm talking about.
I'm talking about people being certain about
RNA being able to pandemic, but they can't explain it.
When you challenge them to explain why RNA can pandemic better than DNA, can you explain it to me?
If you ask them to explain how intramuscular injection augments the immune system, depending on the combination of substances you choose, they won't really be able to explain it to you.
They'll have a hand-waving version of it, which involves a very limited
number of moving parts and it is only through six years of work that I'm able to show you this that these people are so malevolent and the script is so bad
that I could go right now and pick up those six books and scream just like I did for Paul Offit, you don't have the requisite knowledge to argue with these people, because you haven't read these thousands of pages.
And more importantly, you don't accept these thousands of pages as fact.
when in fact there's very little empirical evidence for such a high-fidelity understanding of what is essentially a genetic background that's irreducibly complex and the only tools that we have to reduce that complexity or to measure that complexity are very flawed.
And they're all part of the Human Genome Project illusion.
That whole core molecular biology illusion
is the Human Genome Project.
I've already made up my mind.
I made up my mind four years ago when we first saw the myocarditis and it ain't changing.
Unbelievable.
So what's going to be a challenge here is they're sort of trying to get things right, you know, sort of up ahead, because what had happened in response to the recent ACIP meeting is, you know, a lot of the professional societies like the American Academy of Pediatrics, American Academy of Family Physicians, American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, you know, they actually posted, hey, here are our recommendations.
The AAP, for instance, has been doing this for decades upon decades, but now it's going to create a problem because how do you create guidance if you've got the head of the FDA, you know, not fully licensing these vaccines?
All right, but fortunately, vaccine-preventable illnesses are not a problem in the US, turning to measles.
I say that with tongue-in-cheek because, ouch.
The article assessing the transmissibility and outbreak risk of measles in the United States, 2024 to 2030, was published in JID.
So here, these authors are really asking this question, like, do we have to worry?
Is there potentially going to be a measles outbreak in the US?
Interesting question.
So here the investigators assess the local transmissibility and outbreak risk at present and in future years under various vaccination scenarios in the United States.
They looked at the, I love this, spatio-temporal outbreak risk pattern.
And we've got projections through 2030.
And really, really some nice figures here.
So you can see based kind of where we are, and then with a 10% or a more significant drop in the vaccination coverage, what's going to happen within five or two years based upon that.
And so if it declines by 10%, you can see basically you're really starting to go up 25% and then 50%.
So yeah, not looking good, not looking good if this vaccination erodes even further.
And it's gotten to the point now, Vincent, where if you are a US traveler and you go to, for instance, Honduras, you have to actually bring your proof of vaccination before entry.
Gosh, I don't, I got mine in the 60s.
I don't know where people get it.
Now, proof of measles vaccination.
I'm going to skip to the end of this video so you can hear one of the questions they answer.
The whole video is pretty remarkable.
It's really making fun of our side a lot.
Catherine Organic asked the question of would would good PCR controls show the background effect?
And I guess your question is, if we tried hard enough, could we start to characterize that background?
And I do think
that they have made some genuine efforts to do that in other branches of biology in the characterization of phytoplankton and the cyanobacteria and archaeobacteria, archaea.
They're kind of like related to bacteria.
Those guys are all in the ocean.
And so that work has been done.
And the phages that have been found there are, I think, probably mostly real.
But again, they're doing a lot more rigorous work to show the existence of, rather than quantifying or claiming that some larger phenomenon is based on them.
I think the extraordinary thing that has been done with PCR from the perspective of diagnostic is that it has allowed the willing doctor to completely bamboozle themselves.
If you say, okay, this person is sick, and my name is Mary Talley Bowden, and I'm going to use this PCR test to test you for 17 different viruses, and one of them comes back positive,
The odds of you saying that that has nothing to do with your symptoms would be probably very low, depending on your sophistication, depending on how often you use it, depending on how you're perceived.
How shall I say it?
your perceived role in the diagnosis of that patient.
If your role in that patient from your training perspective is to follow a flow chart and an assumption chart, and one of those things on the assumption chart is now this PCR diagnostic, then you're done.
You're just in it.
And with regard to doctors working in hospitals, that's all you've got.
Unless you're a private practice kind of doctor with your own set of patients, you're working for a hospital.
You're working for a corporation.
And so you're following protocols.
You don't get a choice.
Fine.
Now, I think there will be some, you know, you're old enough that you're before a certain day that that will count for someone like you.
But, you know, a young pup like myself to somehow get my vaccine records if I want to go visit Honduras.
So according to the secretary of state at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation, Honduran
Authorities are requiring documentation to show proof of life was published in the journal OBGYN.
And this is a cohort study among pregnant individuals enrolled in Kaiser Permanente's Northern California KPNC and their infants.
They followed all infants from birth until the first occurrence of a PCR result positive for flu or the infants reach six months, right?
So we're looking at looking at little kids for six months.
They're not eligible for flu vaccination yet.
So this is where if mom gets vaccinated, she might protect the little kids.
They compared the hazard of getting flu in infants whose mothers were vaccinated during pregnancy compared to those mothers who did not get vaccinated and did not potentially provide this protection to their children.
So 245,498 infants included in the study, 46% were born to vaccinated moms, about half there.
The incidence of influenza was lower among infants.
And so they looked at nothing else but influenza.
You see how ridiculous it is?
This is fun.
I'm going to play the end of this video.
Linnea writes, long time Twiv listener from Alberta, Canada.
Really appreciate your work explaining the lies about vaccines being spread by the current administration.
Because they have spread to Canada, the Alberta provincial government has decided to become inspired by the RFK Jr.
recommendations for COVID vaccines.
And now COVID vaccines are no longer going to be free for most people, including health care workers, as of August.
In the press release, they included some quick facts to defend her decision.
Listen to this.
Recently, the Federal Drug Administration in the U.S.
There's no such thing, right, as the federal drug.
It's the Food and Drug Administration.
Even Canadian officials can't get it right.
Stop recommending COVID vaccines for pregnant women and healthy children.
And back to Linnea.
It's horrifying and appreciate your work dismantling the lies more than ever right now.
Not sure how to manage the situation, but along with alarming amount of measles outbreaks, it's arrived here in Alberta and isn't going away anytime soon with our current anti-science provincial government.
Yeah, no, it's really disturbing.
And it is challenging.
And we're going to keep communicating.
We're going to keep walking through this.
We're going to keep providing the facts.
You know, there are the people out there that they know that these things are untrue.
But you can make a lot of money off getting someone to buy your nutraceuticals.
You can get a lot of money getting that person selling nutraceuticals to pay you to get up on stage and say anti-science, anti-vaccine things.
So fortunately, there's a multi-billion dollar industry driving this.
We're not a multi-billion dollar industry where we're going to continue to stand firm to our oaths and our principles and keep communicating the actual information.
And finally, supply rights.
Been listening to you and the crew since mid-2019.
Love it all.
Question, when I started college, I had no vaccination records.
I received a measles shot on December 9th, and then again on December 12th from the health clinic.
Same year.
Based on everything I've heard.
Three days later, right, Dan?
Yeah, I'm trying to figure out, was it the same one?
What's the story?
This doesn't follow any kind of recommended cases.
They're joking about a college student who was coerced by his health center at the university to take an MMR shot, but then he took it twice.
three days apart.
We are letting our children go back to universities where this is happening all over our country, where the health regulations of university are determined by shitheads like this, who are completely on narrative and only opposed by shitheads like Mary Holland and Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who can be laughed at by these people.
Beta cells had a chance to mature between shots.
I don't know what the beta cells, the B cells.
It seems like I should get another one, but it has been 11 years.
Already missing Dixon.
Going back to listen to all his jazz recommendations here.
Two dose series, at least four weeks apart.
Oh, I can't deal.
I can't deal with that anymore.
We're going to get rid of that one.
You should actually figure out what that vaccine was.
OK, so it's the measles in three days.
We're going to get rid of that one and we're going to move on.
And so I'm trying to make this point clear, right?
I really,
I really think it's worth spending time understanding that these people are all scripted frauds.
They're all scripted frauds.
There's no reason to consider them in any other way other than as scripted frauds, just like Robert Malone is a scripted fraud.
And there's no other way to describe him.
He is a scripted fraud.
His claim that he was used to spread lies is just ridiculous, but he's actually the coordinator of these lies.
I do not make this accusation lightly that he is one of the worst Americans alive.
And I do not make the accusation lightly about Sasha Latapova or Jessica Hockett or the foreigners, Jonathan Engler and Nick Hudson.
These are some of the worst frauds on the internet.
These people should be ashamed of themselves, but they're so happy with the fame and fortune that they get from this grift that they're fine with it because they know something else is coming in the future and they know they're positioning themselves and their family better than they would have otherwise be positioned.
I don't think this guy's very smart, but he definitely likes being in front of a camera.
He likes to have fancy suits.
He likes to have the staff and be the star.
And so he's easy to use too.
But these are seriously scripted bullshitters on a bullshit script.
That's why I have these pictures.
I chased them all down.
I tried to teach them all this simple biology and they all ran away, including our health and human services secretary right here.
Including this guy, Aseem Malhotra.
Including this guy, Paul Alexander, who came to my house.
That picture's in my house.
Including this guy who came to Pittsburgh.
Including this guy that I saw at a CHD thing and he couldn't barely stand to take a picture with me.
Including this guy, too, at a CHD thing.
And yeah, I've lost a lot of people.
One of the most important to me is my best friend, Nathan.
But you know, I got lots of pictures with this dude.
And that's not by accident.
They thought that the way that they could control me would be by recruiting me to be part of that Wuhan cover-up book, the lab leak thing.
And that's why in the introduction, when you listen to the introduction that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
gives to me in the presence of Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, Tess Laurie, and Jessica Rose, that introduction is flattery.
And it is a script where, you know, I spoke out about the intelligence agencies and their role in gain-of-function science, as we call it.
That's scripted bullshit.
They're trying to inflate my ego and to make me sort of put the t-shirt on that says, yeah, it was a lab leak and I'm the one who figured it out.
I'm a drastic guy.
That's what they desperately wanted.
That's why that my name is in the book like that.
That's why the quotes are in the book like that.
And what I'm telling you was, is that it failed.
The bullshit script failed at a crucial time when they actually put all their eggs in that basket and left me in the book.
And it went to print and it now exists and they can't change it anymore.
Even though I'm telling you that book is bullshit and they knew it before they published it.
And the people that are listed in the acknowledgements page of that book know it's bullshit because I taught them all.
So it's not just me.
It's a bunch of people that are coordinating their lying and continuing to read the script provided by Robert Malone.
That's why this is so important.
What he says here is damning.
This is not an introduction of some biologist who got, who figured out the clones.
Society to biology to science.
And to look at my eyes, the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
Listen to this.
Each of us is incredible preeminent.
that we have each one of you is gonna get a chance to comment on his thesis.
I wanted to bring everybody together because I've read Jonathan's thoughts about this.
He's one of the most thoughtful critics of the pandemic management from the beginning.
He was one of the co-founders of DRASTIC, which was the organization of independent scientists all over the world.
particularly at the beginning of the pandemic, did really wonderful work in... Look at all those sponsorships of all those places that all those people are making money from, Substack, making money from promoting themselves, selling their supplements, going on their shows, touring the world as part of the COVID Summit show.
As soon as I figured it out, all of those people left me behind, fired me, started ignoring me.
And Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
I don't think is smart enough or sophisticated enough to understand how all these people are coordinating their effort to obfuscate what I've taught him and what I offer as a way out.
How I expose the no virus people as the same fraud as Mary Holland, but he doesn't, he can't take that.
He never wanted a part of this vaccine thing in the first place.
In understanding the science, in unearthing scientific studies that made a lot of this stuff comprehensible.
And he's also been instrumental in uncovering some of the involvement of the intelligence agencies and others in the management of the pandemic and also the long history of
what we call gain-of-function science.
There you have it.
And Tess Laurie pushes ivermectin.
What you're told by people who have vested interests.
in reducing global population.
The other thing that concerns me at the moment is the, well, I think things like carbon dioxide in the atmosphere being used as modalities.
Now what I'm suggesting to you is that this man is essentially guilty of some crime and participating in the exact same scripted illusion that
that Brian Hooker and Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Robert Malone make possible in America.
He is the other side of, he's with Aseem Malhotra.
This guy is with all of them and this guy is one of the worst people in the UK.
He is a fraud and he's responsible for so many people having taken AstraZeneca and so many people having taken the mRNA.
He should be off the internet and ashamed of himself.
But here he is talking about depopulation.
Now it's impossible for him not to have known that since the end of World War II, these people have been working to reduce family size.
It's impossible for him not to know that people only live to be about a hundred.
And so it's a hundred year thing.
You know, you don't need to worry about the population getting out of control if you've changed the size of families.
and they were successful in doing that.
There's no way that that guy doesn't know about the anticipated rise in all-cause mortality codified in the population pyramid, visible in this simple graph, and how it could be sculpted using manslaughter and lies to create the illusion of a pandemic.
It's impossible that they don't see that that signal is not natural.
And it's impossible that they don't understand that that was a problem incoming for decades, unless they're willfully ignorant.
They're just, they don't care.
That's why none of these people have come up with a list.
That's why this is fraudulent.
Billions of dollars of revenue for the pharmaceutical industry.
So there's big money at stake here.
There's big policy at stake.
Recently, the CDC's Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, ACIP, met for the first time after HHS Secretary Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.
replaced its entire membership with new picks.
In this episode, I'm sitting down with two new ACIP members, Dr. Robert Malone and MIT Professor Retsef Levy for a deep- Now remember,
This guy of Epoch Times has had Sasha Latipova on twice.
The context of vaccines is that debate was considered as confusing to patients, as something that we should avoid.
Redsef Levy is basically a guy who had never had any skepticism in vaccines and is willing to have extra skepticism about the new vaccines.
And so he's playing a role.
He might be an idiot.
It's possible.
A lot of people have sent me emails to say that anybody that has as hair as long as you is an idiot.
So, you know, I mean, maybe he's an idiot.
I don't know.
But I got to say, I think he's a useful stooge.
I think he's on the same script and is happy to be on that script because he's not actually questioning anything except for the new shot.
You know, like COVID shots are bad.
Don't talk about 2020.
Some key discussions during the recent meeting for mercury and the flu vaccine to RSV shots for children and what may happen with this committee moving forward.
Okay, so it gets worse right it gets worse.
I told you they're gonna use it against us.
They have set us up And Paul Offit is gonna bring it to us from micro TV.
This is beyond the noise episode number 72 recorded on June 30th 2025
I'm Vincent Racaniello and joining me today is your host, Dr. Paul Offit.
Hi, Vincent.
Hello, Paul.
Welcome back.
This is the video version of Paul's column on Substack.
So you just pause it here and you can see that he gets like 300, 400 restacks.
He gets hundreds of likes.
There's a thousand comments.
So Substack is weaponized against us on all sides of the equation.
Everybody that uses it is being bamboozled just in the same way that everybody that uses Twig X is being bamboozled.
And it's very easy for everybody to accept that Facebook kind of does it too, but not really unless you're trying to buy stuff, but it's all the same.
It's all weaponized against us.
There is no spontaneous virality of good ideas.
There is only censorship and control.
called Beyond the Noise, cutting to the chase on important health topics.
Today we're gonna talk about Paul's latest column, The Irony of RFK Jr.'
's Conflicts of Interest Gambit.
So let's start by having you tell us why RFK Jr.
fired all 17 members of the ACIP.
You can tell us what that means.
Right, so the ACIP or Advisory Committee for Immunization Practices is an advisory committee to the CDC that primarily focuses on- I just want you to see that it's impossible that we're here where we're arguing about RFK with Paul Offit unless it's orchestrated and in fact it is.
It is a national security military organization orchestrated
PSYOP and I don't like the word PSYOP because you know Robert Malone's an expert in them because he's part of the same thing.
That's why he says these chaos agents you're almost certainly interacting.
He is that.
He is the one of the coordinators of them.
And once you see that this guy has a coordinated narrative that doesn't even really need to be updated because he understands it as exactly as he's needed to understand it.
Just like Kevin McCurden understands it exactly as he needed to understand it.
Just like Kevin McCairn at the beginning of the pandemic understood it exactly as he needed to understand it.
Spike protein, amyloid, cardiac stuff.
Jessica Rose understood it exactly as she needed to understand it at the beginning of the pandemic.
Vares, Vares, Vares, Epigirl, Vares.
And this guy has understood it very well ever since he started working at the Vaccine Information Center at CHOP, and ever since he was recruited to be opposite of Mary Holland in this ongoing theater that started around 2015, when Mary Holland and Brian Hooker and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Suzanne Humphreys and all of these people were recruited to get in front of Brandy Vaughn and get in front of Tony Bark and eventually take their place when they were killed.
So this scripted bullshit is happening right now.
Sometimes we have to pivot along the journey, but it's good to have goals.
When we had a goal of rolling out AI for our scientific reviewers and staff agency-wide by June 30th, after a very successful pilot, we hit that goal ahead of schedule and under budget.
It's good to have goals.
And so one of our biggest goals is to reduce animal testing in a way that's meaningful and continues to protect against public safety.
So with that, so one of the things he said in his opening remarks was that God didn't put us on the earth to torture animals.
It was in the first five minutes of that talk.
And so again, he's playing us against each other.
He's playing the same shitty narratives that they, it is so malevolent right now that this foreigner and that foreigner and all these other foreigners are in front of us saying this scripted bullshit, but that's where we are.
None of them are ever going to say that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
None of them are ever going to explain to you that transfection in healthy humans is always dangerous.
And none of them are going to explain to you what I might mean by viruses are not pattern integrities or that RNA cannot pandemic because these are the foundational myths that cannot be questioned.
There is a way out.
The PrEP Act is unconstitutional because it allows the suspension of fundamental rights without holding the government to strict scrutiny.
And all these people won't say it because they're liars.
Virology is a fraud, but just like PCR, it's not fake.
It works.
But there are different ways to do it, and virology is done mostly through transfection and transformation.
and the vast background of genetic signals is actually bacterial, and that's the illusion that they are casting over all of our children as we teach this stupid shit to them.
RNA is a class of molecule that doesn't qualify for this wonderful possibility of pandemicking, because it's single-stranded, because it doesn't have proofreading, and because it's unstable.
And so, this is a lie.
At the foundation of this is a lie.
I would caution you to understand that the use of PCR as a diagnostic is one of the things they needed because it has established a remnant stream that they can now use to sequence us over and over again and do whatever they want, basically create any health emergency that they need to using this false methodology, this assumption that this is a gold standard, which it definitely is not.
Instead, what's really the truth is that the FDA should evaluate every
PCR product that came out from 2020 and show us that it was indeed a medical device with fidelity, which it won't be, and also demonstrate that the current ones on the market are not high-fidelity diagnostics.
But instead, they're focusing on getting rid of animal testing, getting rid of these barriers to bringing things to market quicker, and getting rid of these barriers to have people in desperate situations be able to use whatever they want.
I'm all in the way of kind of making the FDA irrelevant.
And that's not by accident.
It's part of the pivot that the Human Genome Project would require to make us from sovereign individuals to experimental animals.
Because indeed, it's a national priority to have this genetic and medical data of Americans.
We are not going to have this much data available ever again.
And so it needs to be.
It's a priority, a multi-generational priority for humanity.
for the species, that this data be collected, that the infrastructure to collect the data be built, that the machine learning algorithms to interpret the data be developed.
This is all a national security priority that sits parallel with and continuous with the Human Genome Project.
And that's the reason why Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan were involved in the narrative space since the very beginning, because this is a scripted part of the Human Genome Project, again, to invert our sovereignty
to experimental animal status.
That is it.
That's the real truth, Ruth, as far as I can say it.
The best that I can say it.
Where are you?
There you are, you silly little boy.
And so yeah, that's it.
That's the best I can say it.
The spread of bad ideas is definitely much scarier than the spread of any RNA molecule.
I'll see you in a few minutes, huh?
Shine in your Japan   Sparkle in your China   Can you show me police supper police supper   Go sell my house in town   Police supper go sell my house in town   And I'll be there shine in your Japan   Sparkle in your China   Yes I'll be there police supper police supper
oh
Yeah, I loved the statement in the chat.
In my next life, I will be wise enough to attend this Steely Dan concert.
If that's the way the next life works, then I want to be that wise as well.
But I don't think you actually go back in time in your next life.
Anyway, that's neither here nor there, or then or when.
This is Giga Home Biological.
We're on the second half of the show.
It's a little bit shorter.
It's been a long one today, but it's a nice day in the background.
My voice feels OK.
I have been provided with the necessary liquids and so I'm gonna keep working Again, I don't I don't take this lightly saying that this is scripted bullshit.
I don't take it very lightly to say that I think Suzanne Humphreys is standing in for the dead I really take it very seriously when I say that because I think Brandy Vaughn was murdered.
I think Tony is
Bark was probably murdered.
And I think that this person is a traitor to our grandchildren because unlike her earlier self, when Brandy and Tony were still alive, she can no longer tell you the truth.
She can go on Joe Rogan for two and a half hours and not tell you the truth.
And it's a very simple truth that she used to be able to say that Brian Hooker used to be able to say.
condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
Um, he was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged, but condition condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
Um, he was vaccine damage.
Now this is very significant because essentially what Brian is saying there is that he thinks autism is a myth.
It's a myth used to cover up vaccine damaged.
And now interestingly, the same video, the same incriminating evidence is right here with this woman.
Now, why doesn't that run?
Hmm.
Oh yeah, it's not up there.
I see.
My current opinion about vaccinations is that they have never been safe.
Never has there been a safe vaccine.
Never will there be a safe vaccine.
And it is not possible to have a safe vaccine.
Now, essentially what she's saying there is intramuscular injection is dumb.
Or maybe in my better way of saying it is a intramuscular injection of a combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
So essentially I agree with 2018 Suzanne Humphries just like I agree with 2013 Brian Hooker.
But unfortunately this liar went on Joe Rogan in 2025 and couldn't say it that succinctly apparently because her opinion has changed.
Her current opinion in 2018, when Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark were still alive, was curiously similar to the opinion that Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn had.
But as soon as Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn were dead, Brian Hooker and Suzanne Humphreys and Mary Holland started building the big top tent for health freedom with as many polls as they could find.
The reasoning for that is that the actual process of vaccination defies the natural function of the immune system.
Exactly what I've been saying for the last few years.
And I'm very, very disappointed to have to bring you this message that these people, I was in Georgia when she was there working and on stage and you know,
It's not like she reached out or Brian Hooker said you have to meet her or anything like that.
It was the exact opposite.
Brian Hooker also never said I got to meet James Lyons-Weiler, even though James Lyons-Weiler was on stage.
And next to Suzanne Humphreys on stage at CHD, their conference in Georgia.
And Brian didn't think it was important for me to meet them or that they were very important.
And I don't have any selfies with either of those two because they run away from me.
They are part of this show that replaces Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark who were murdered in 2020 with these frauds.
Listen to how fraudulent they are and remember what Paul Offit and Daniel Griffin talked about on TWIV.
Listen, Bobby, I can't prove it tonight.
You can't prove it.
But intuitively, you look at the spike, you look at what happened with the Marisol, there is no doubt in my mind, maybe it's two years from now, maybe it's five years from now, maybe it's 10 years from now, we're going to find out that the Marisol
causes in my opinion ought to know what that's not by accident that is the malevolence of this script because now we are being shown previous acts of the play as if they are representative of reality instead of an elaborate theater scripted over decades I know it's tough
but you gotta be able to see it eventually.
It's gotta be obvious eventually because otherwise we wouldn't still be talking about these same dumb issues and we would have gotten to the stage where somebody would have reasonably considered the possibility that all intramuscular injection might be nonsense.
But the science is... So there's Joe Scarborough saying that vaccines cause autism because his kid has a form of it called Asperger's.
So big news is that the CDC vaccine panel voted to take the mercury preservatives out of their flu shots.
And so just to let you know what mercury is, because it's in your vaccine.
And so who's he going to play?
He's going to play 2025 Suzanne Humphreys, the scripted traitor on Robert Malone's shitty script.
on joe rogan where she doesn't say that there are no safe vaccines that i don't think there are any say it can't be done because it's antithetical to our immune system in two and a half hours she never said it because she is a scripted traitor maybe she's got a gun to her head i don't know
but it's time that somebody that has a gun to their head or, or has taken it farther than they initially wanted to start to grow a pair and fricking speak out as an American.
You know, Ryan Cole could do it.
Ryan Cole knows this is bullshit.
Suzanne Humphries could do it, but she, she's not going to do it.
Obviously she has a gun to her head.
There's lots of other people who could do it.
Mary Talley Bowden could probably do it if she really wanted to, but apparently she's got enough money or a gun to her head.
This is scary because this clown, super scripted clown, is now promoting the shittiest video of her career.
Basically the worst video that exists of her on the internet is her interview on Joe Rogan where she essentially says nothing for two and a half hours.
Scenes, and not good.
And how not good?
Well here.
Here, let's find out.
is that vaccines, while it might look like just a clear liquid, in order to make a vaccine, you have to have either a cow that you put ulcers on and scrape the pus off, or you can evolve it as it had evolved to maybe getting some tumorous cells that came out of a cocker spaniel's kidney, or monkey balls, or monkey kidneys, and you plate those cells out, and then you inoculate it with what you want to grow to put in your vaccine later.
But in order to keep those cells alive, you have to put animal blood on it, you have to put different nutrients on top of it, you have to put antibiotics, kanamycin, you know, things like that related to the COVID.
Here, mercury.
Okay, so in the end, you can kill, you can make sure when you have your final product that if you put a little bit of mercury in there, that it's less likely for any of the fungus or the spores or the bacteria or the adventitious viruses that you didn't know about that were there before will be in your final product.
Wonderful.
So you have a product now that you can
It's almost like you could make one if you weren't so careless.
You could make a good vaccine, but they just use shitty stuff because they're shitty people.
But if we had good people making good vaccines, the good vaccines would be good.
Instead of saying what she said in 2018 when Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark were alive, which is that she doesn't think there are any safe vaccines, she doesn't think it can be done.
Stop lying!
not completely sure has any of these deadly microbes, but now has mercury, which the only places it's actually okay to have on the planet, mercury, is in vaccines, your tooth, or a toxic landfill.
So if you were to drop a vaccine at a vaccine clinic onto the floor, the hazmat guys would come, and you're not allowed to just pick it up if it's a mercury-containing vaccine.
Hazmat people have to come and take that away.
Yet we're okay to take a portion of it.
But there are no mercury-containing vaccines anymore.
We already heard that from both Paul Offit and Vincent Racaniello and
Daniel Griffin the only only ones were in some quadrivalent flu vaccines So is she does she just dumb is she just not done any reading since 2013 when her book came out She just said forget it She hasn't tried to advance anything because she's still selling that book So she doesn't want to contradict her book or advance her book or you know She doesn't want to be bothered to write another book.
So what the hell I'll just stick to it.
What is this shit?
And think, remember, this jackass doesn't care, apparently, that Americans were murdered for a couple years in order to coerce him into taking the vaccine.
He doesn't give a shit at all, even though he knows it's true, because I've told him.
I saw him in person in Pittsburgh when he brought his comedy troupe to Pittsburgh, and we saw him in person and took a picture with him in person, and I gave him a book that was annotated with a letter and phone, and it's remarkable.
He is awful, but no more awful than Shannon Joy, no more awful than they're just all useful idiots, performers with SAG cards.
Now that violin injected into, you know, a child, a three-month-old child, how does that work?
It doesn't sound logical.
So let me bring in Mary Holland.
She's author speaker and CEO of the children's health defense and organization focused on legal strategies to defend children's health and obtain justice for those injured before joining the children.
That's an interesting statement.
I've never heard before.
Focused on legal strategy.
Wow.
That is some seriously, seriously fraudulent shit.
health defense in 2019.
She taught at NYU School of Law for 17 years and lectured at Columbia Law School on international human rights advocacy.
Welcome back to the show, Mary Holland.
Hi, Mary.
International human rights advocacy.
I'm going to escape out of here.
This is crashing.
Demon.
International rights, human rights advocate.
I think that would set off a huge red flag for my friend Joe Marshall at the Liberty Perspective.
That's not a patriotic thing.
the CEO of the Children's Health Defense, an organization focused on legal strategies to defend children's health and obtain justice for those injured.
Before joining the Children's Health Defense in 2019, she taught at NYU School of Law for 17 years and lectured at Columbia Law School on international human rights advocacy.
Welcome back to the show, Mary Holland.
Hi, Mary.
Great to be here.
So this is a big deal, right, that they're getting.
So now they had taken the mercury out of most of the flu shots, but there was still in some of them.
Why would they take it out of most but not all of them?
Exactly.
So they took it out as a preservative in 2001, except in the flu shots, in multi-dose vials.
And as Suzanne Humphreys were just explaining, you know, to kill bacteria, because they'd open it and give one dose, but they'd still have two.
It's not by accident that she knows Suzanne Humphreys' name.
It's not by accident that she said it.
This is a script.
It's a performance.
And they have it on a little sheet.
They know what they're going to say and where they're going to go.
two or three more doses to give.
At this point, it was down to 3%, but it wasn't 3% from 2001 until now.
It went down gradually, the amount of mercury being taken out.
And this is a 30-year battle, Jimmy, that's now been ended, which is fantastic.
Mercury should never have been in vaccines, I think, as you can appreciate from what was just said.
It's an incredibly toxic substance, and we were injecting it into
you know, infants, day-old babies in the hepatitis B shot before they took it out.
And so, the mercury in the vaccines, it's called thimerosal, correct?
Right.
It's called thimerosal.
It's half ethyl mercury by weight.
So 50% of thimerosal, it's made by Lilly, was never properly tested, and it started to be used.
And literally what some of the people at the CDC acknowledged was they just never added up the cumulative amount of mercury that these kids were getting in the various shots.
After 1986, when Congress gave a liability shield, the number of vaccines escalated dramatically, and a lot of them contain mercury.
They also contain aluminum.
There's a synergistic effect between mercury and aluminum.
And a lot of neurological injuries went along with this rise of the use and the number of vaccines.
And I remember a time when cable news hosts used to thank RFK Jr.
for fighting this to try to get mercury out of vaccines and specifically thimerosal.
In fact, here's a video.
This is going to be a little loud, so bring it down a little bit.
Here is RFK Jr.
speaking with Joe Scarborough when he hosted a show called Scarborough Country on MSNBC.
Let's watch.
My son born in 1991.
has a slight form of autism called Asperger's, but it seems, and again, when I was practicing law and also when I was in Congress, parents would constantly come to me and they'd bring me videotapes of their children and they were all around the age of my son or younger.
So something happened in 1989.
So you believe that Scarborough's not lying there?
That people came, people bringing me videos and pictures of their kid, come on.
Come on!
Nobody bothered to do an analysis of what the cumulative impact of all that mercury was doing to kids.
As it turns out, we are injecting our children with 400 times the amount of mercury that FDA or EPA considers safe.
A child, on his first day that he's born, is injected with a hepatitis B shot.
under EPA guidelines, he would have to be 275 pounds to safely absorb that.
Now they are repeating this argument right now with aluminum.
They're repeating it all the time in all these different ways.
It's really absurd.
I think the chickens just caught a snake or something.
They're all freaking out.
Whoa, that's some...
Velociraptor style sprinting there.
Anyway, this is all very malevolent and if you can see it, it will free you.
If you can see the truth here that, you know, this is a willing, willing participant in this show because, you know, he makes a living doing it and this is a real big recruit.
This is a guy who has been Truman showed for his whole life.
Probably doesn't really believe what he's saying, but he knows that he's scripted to say it.
And that's why his progress and understanding has been so little.
Not that dissimilar from Mary Holland, not that dissimilar from Pauly Tommy, not that dissimilar from Brian Hooker, who knew a lot more.
a long time ago, just like it seems that Suzanne Humphreys knew a lot more a long time ago.
And yet we're just constantly pumping our kids with these vaccines.
What happened was that in 1988, one in every 2,500 American children had autism.
Today, one in every 166 children have autism.
And now today it's one in 31.
31.
It's one in 31.
It's one in 12 and a half boys, Jimmy, in California.
And since there was this secret meeting about- But how many of those are profound autism?
Is she going to tell us that?
But then she's going to go back to the secret meeting and say it's black kids.
And so the CDC was covering up the racist, racial biased of the vaccine shot.
And so they're going to get us to tear each other apart.
This is a traitor and a fraud.
who has made no progress in more than two decades and should probably be in jail.
She's one of the worst Americans alive and one of the biggest frauds on the internet.
And I would put this guy into a similar category, but lacking the sheer, you know,
unbelievable, overwhelming evidence of a two decade track record of failing.
That guy doesn't have that.
So he's got a three year track record of going along with it ever since I told him the truth.
That's what he definitely has.
And now more than ever, it's obvious because he just promotes who they send to him.
What do we do about thimerosal back in 2000?
We just did a retrospective on this 25 years later.
You know, the increase in autism is 350% since 2000.
So the CDC has been absolutely had its head in the sand.
And so interesting to see that from MSNBC, Jimmy, right?
After, for a lot of different reasons, MSNBC, you know, would now call that a conspiracy theory.
Yes.
And so he, watch this, it even gets better.
There's a little bit more to this video.
Okay, get ready, Chris.
And plus, one in six children have other kinds of learning disorders, other kinds of neurological disorders, speech delay, language disorders, ADD, hyperactivity, that all seem to be connected, that are all connected, the science shows are all connected to autism.
You know, Bobby, what we've always found, you and I could debate a thousand different issues, whether it's Terry Shiva or the environment, I think would agree on the environment.
But in this case, you've got the federal government coming and saying, well, there's no good science.
And of course, in politics, science always gets diluted.
Why hasn't the federal government stepped up?
And it worked more, because listen, Bobby, I can't prove it tonight, you can't prove it, but intuitively, you look at the spike, you look at what happened with the Marisol, there is no doubt in my mind, maybe it's two years from now, maybe it's five years from now, maybe it's ten years from now, we're going to find out that the Marisol causes, in my opinion, autism.
You know what, the science is...
So there's Joe Scarborough saying that vaccines cause autism because his kid has a form of it called Asperger's and it all exploded in 1989 when he would have hundreds and hundreds of parents coming with the same age
And it all started in 1989, same age kids with these autism and Asperger's.
And he's saying we're going to prove it, not today, not tomorrow, but someday, that this is caused by thimerosal, which is another way of saying it's being caused by the vaccines we're giving our children.
That's what Joe Scarborough used to say.
John Stewart used to thank RFK Jr.
on behalf of the parents for doing this kind of work.
That's all over because that was before Big Pharma completely controlled the narrative and now they fund Joe Scarborough to the tune of 70% of his paycheck.
Take it where you want, Mary.
Yeah, I take it where you want, Mary.
We changed changed after Obamacare.
You know, back in the early 2000s, this was not really a partisan issue.
If anything, the Democratic Party was more favorable to this than the Republican.
Now there's been a complete reversal on this.
And unfortunately, it really is.
It's become a very partisan issue.
And Bobby Kennedy is now serving in Donald Trump's administration in a Republican dominated administration.
and really trying to get the science done.
And what Bobby Kennedy has said, he's acknowledged this one in 31, this is federal data.
And he's told us in his first press conference as secretary of HHS,
that by September we would start to really understand.
You can almost feel her holding back time by saying, you know, his first statement that he made five months ago was this.
And so we have to just trust in the progress of him.
And, you know, it's a very, it's a very tenuous game that he plays with these political people now.
And he's a Jedi master and we got him right where we want him now.
And it's all a question of when he decides to do everything.
He would give us some information about what the science says.
And what he's trying to do right now is really analyze massive amounts of data that he has access to within HHS to prove, you know, what happens after a kid gets Hep B or Hiv or DPT or polio or MMR.
What is the, you know, if you can show that with Medicaid records, you can show that with federal data.
So I just want to, I'm going to show you how this corporate news covered this, them voting to take the mercury out of the flu vaccine.
I'm going to wait, wait till you see how they cover it.
But right before this, I'm going to show you a 10 second clip from Dr. John Campbell.
He's going to give you a little information on the flu vaccine and how good it is.
Let's listen.
A large study at the Cleveland Clinic found out that the flu vaccine, the influenza vaccine over last winter, wasn't that effective.
In fact, it had a negative efficacy.
It's all one malevolent show.
And John Campbell is on exactly the same team that CHD is on, the exact same team that Sasha Latapova is on, the exact same team that Kevin McCairn and Kevin McKernan are on, the exact same team that Heart and Panda are on.
It is all one malevolent show that even the frickin' Brownstone Institute is in on.
It is an absolute
travesty that more people cannot see it.
It's so obvious to me, it makes me want to vomit every time I wake up in the morning and start to look at it.
26.9 percent.
In other words, if you took this flu vaccine, you were 26.9 percent more likely, more likely to get influenza.
Okay, yippee.
So that's their great flu vaccine.
which the fact that they're allowed to use the term vaccine is mind-bending, right?
Mind-bending.
What does that mean that they're allowed to use the term vaccine?
Why is that mind-bending?
You don't even know what the term vaccine means.
What does it mean?
something that's safe to inject to augment your immune system, define one.
You see, he's completely trapped in the semantics.
He's using their words and thinking he's smart because he's rearranging them instead of redefining them.
Do you see?
It's a joke.
because not only did last year's vaccine not prevent you from getting it, it made it more likely that you would get it.
More likely.
And this was a huge study, Jimmy, of all of the employees in the Cleveland Clinic.
And, you know, it was some who took the shot and some who didn't.
She's still not saving any American kids from the absurd schedule that the CDC recommends.
She has not saved any kids.
She has not made any parents aware that weren't already aware.
And certainly not since the start of the pandemic.
This is one of the most malevolent traders in America.
Mary Holland is one of the worst and most malevolent traders in America.
She is a fraud and she's been a fraud for about 20 years.
This is really definitive information.
And in a good year, Jimmy, these are only up to about 50% effective.
And then you have all the risk of adverse events from the shots.
So, you know, we just don't have this right yet.
That's clear.
So here's how the corporate knew.
Here's from CNBC.
Here's how they covered the vote at the CDC to take mercury out of the vaccines.
A revamped government panel of vaccine advisors with newly appointed immunization skeptics.
has voted against a mercury-containing shot ingredient that the anti-vaccine movement has long targeted.
The group, called the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, or ACIP, voted Thursday to recommend annual single-dose flu vaccines to Americans and against influenza shots containing thimerosal, mercury, even though there is no evidence of harm from that preservative.
Did you just hear Joe Scarborough?
Correct.
Yeah.
It's ridiculous.
Injecting mercury.
Sorry.
Finish.
Yeah.
It was his first ACIP meeting since health.
It was the first ACIP meeting since Health and Human Services Secretary RFK gutted the panel and stacked it with new members, including... So much of the brain damage is site inflammation, right?
If you cause inflammation in the brain, it doesn't matter how you cause it.
That's part of the problem.
several well-known vaccine skeptics.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention still needs to sign off on the recommendation.
If the agency does, it would affect roughly 4 to 5 percent of the U.S.
flu vaccine supply.
The rest, so that sounds like, oh well, that's not a big deal, right?
Well, listen to what they say.
The rest of the nation's flu shots were thimerosal free during the last season of the virus.
So why why can't you make that?
So while they are doing it.
But when it comes to vaccinating an entire country, quote, small percentages matter.
Dr. O'Leary, Sean O'Leary, an infectious disease expert with the American Academy of Pediatrics, told he's in over his head.
He doesn't know what point he's going to make here.
It's probably going to fall on its face.
reporters last week and I'm sure he's not being paid off at all by the big pharma industry.
If the few if the few thimerosal containing flu shots were removed from the market
that would inevitably lead to fewer people being vaccinated and it's a script you see he's supposed to feel like he's solving the puzzle and catching them in a contradiction so that mary can say yeah you caught him you're pretty smart but i've been fighting these guys for much longer than you so welcome to the show
least in the short term, perhaps longer term, and subsequently more hospitalizations and death.
I just showed you the biggest study ever showed you that the flu shot actually makes it more likely for you to get sick.
The recommendation also, so this is just a liar, and I will guarantee you that this guy's getting money somewhere.
This Dr. O'Leary is getting money somewhere to lie to you.
And he's just unaware that he's getting money to lie to you from Rumble.
He's just unaware that he's lying to you.
That's all because he's an idiot.
About mercury in vaccines and the efficacy of the flu vaccine in general.
Because the efficacy of the flu vaccine, not good.
The recommendation also reinforces long-standing, unfounded fears that the substance can lead to developmental disabilities such as autism.
So they're saying that putting mercury into a baby is a good idea.
That's what CNBC is saying.
And that if you have a fear of putting mercury in a baby... Remember what the first video said that I showed you?
That it's... He's just a useful idiot.
he's just doing the useful idiot performance and uh that's the reason why you know he's full of shit um it's pretty remarkable containing vaccine you have to call a hazmat team to come kick it up but you can inject it into a baby and cnbc says you're nuts
You're nuts if you think there's a problem with sticking mercury into a baby.
Kennedy's vaccine skepticism comes full circle with the panel's vote.
A decade before stepping into his current role, he published a book that called for the removal of thimerosal mercury from shots and linked it to developmental disorders.
A very common- He wrote a book.
Surprise, surprise, right?
anti-vaccine talking point is around thimerosal.
So that's a very clear strategy to sow distrust in vaccines.
Let me just show, so that's how the mainstream news, and let me just show you one more quick video about how great this flu vaccine is.
This is from almost 20 years ago now on CBS News, and of course this woman doesn't work for CBS anymore because she's about to tell you this.
Here's what scientists have found.
Over 20 years, the percentage of seniors getting flu shots increased sharply from 15% to 65%.
It stands to reason that flu deaths among the elderly should have taken a dramatic dip, making an X graph like this.
Instead, flu deaths among the elderly continue to climb.
It was hard to believe, so researchers at the National Institutes of Health set out to do a study adjusting for all kinds of factors that could be masking the true benefits of the shots.
But no matter how they crunched the numbers, they got the same disappointing result.
Flu shots have not reduced deaths among the elderly.
not what so that that's your great flu shot CNBC and dr. liar O'Leary and so that's how the so that's how they covered sticking mercury in so he still can't see that autism is a lie he still can't see that intramuscular injection is the lie he still can't see that pandemics are the lie he still can't see the transfection is the lie because even though I gave him the book he's just not gonna look at it they're all liars ladies and gentlemen
There is no reason to believe Mary Holland.
There's no reason to believe Robert Malone.
There's no reason to believe Brian Hooker.
They are all spectacularly committed to these lies like the rest of these organizations have been.
They are awful people.
They are liars and they must know by now because I've told them that there was an anticipated rise in all cause mortality that was sculpted using manslaughter and lies.
It was anticipated and timed perfectly with this rollout of dumb PCR
without the requisite controls, positive and negative, necessary to be a diagnostic in the first place.
And if Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
or Brian Hooker or Mary Holland were really trying to save our children, a lot more people would be skeptical of vaccines by now.
And more importantly, a lot more people would realize it after the pandemic started.
But instead, they built a big top tent of health freedom and avoided talking about the basics of the murder, including by helping to obfuscate what really happened to Grace Shara
and promoting Grace's dad as some kind of spiritual guru now.
This is a joke.
These people are traitors to our grandchildren.
There's a very succinct explanation.
They murdered people in America and they lied around the world about it.
And these people are guilty.
Just like endemicity of racism is not real.
Endemicity of an RNA that was leaked in a mud puddle is also not real.
They use non-specific PCR tests to make it happen.
And then they use placebo to make the shot safe.
And maybe it's not a placebo anymore because they don't need to because everybody's willing now.
But using their test to find their ghost does not make their ghost real.
And it doesn't make you a ghostbuster.
That I know for absolute certain.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is for all the marbles.
It's for all the children of earth.
And if you don't realize it, then you're not fighting in the right way.
And the actions you take will be useless.
Get off social media.
Remember intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Remember that transfection in healthy humans is always dangerous and remember that viruses are not pattern integrities.
These are the main players that I know of that I have personal
I know for sure.
And I'm going to be on probably tomorrow morning.
I was probably just giving you a... I was probably just faking you out because I don't want the streak to end.
But it might be a shorter show tomorrow.
And then Wednesday on, we'll be back and working full time.
I love you guys very much.
Thanks for being here.
Sorry for the long one, but you know, that's what I do.
See you soon.
I can't explain this paper unless you understand that its authors are there for a reason.
That the authors like Robert Malone and Tess Laurie and Jessica Rose and Harvey Reich
and steve and hatfield are not there by accident they're there because they are part of this narrative control um claire craig would love to hear that a hundred thousand look at a hundred thousand babies with their genetic code
is exactly what Claire Craig was doing at the beginning of the pandemic.
Interesting, isn't it?
It's all one continuous narrative, ladies and gentlemen.
The voice that you hear is Jonathan J. Cooey.
If you'd like to support my work, share the YouTube channel, share the stream, share whatever you can, stream.gigaohm.bio.
How it works is that people support the stream.
So if you would like to support the stream, please go to Gigaohm Biological and find a way to do it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
See you soon.